a film with the participation of bradley
cooper and lady gaga
pulling in the audiences to a journey of
love and music
with much happiness but no less grim
jackson
jack main a famous country rock singer
privately battles an alcohol and a drug
addiction
and plays a concert his main support is
bobby his manager and older half brother
after the show jack goes out for drinks
and visits drag bar
where he witnesses a tribute performance
to edith pf
by ali kampana who works as a waitress
and a singer-songwriter
jack is amazed by her performance and
they spend the night talking to each
other where ali discloses to him her
unsuccessful efforts in pursuing a
professional music career
ally shares with jack some lyrics that
she has been working on
and jack tells ali she is a talented
songwriter and should perform her own
material
jack invites ali to his next show and
despite her initial refusal
she attends and with jack's
encouragement sings shallow
on stage with him jack invites ally to
go on tour with him
and they form a romantic relationship in
arizona ally and jack visit the ranch
where jack grew up and where his father
is buried
only to find that bobby had sold the
land and it was converted to a wind farm
angered at his betrayal jack punches
bobby who subsequently quits as his
manager
before doing so bobby reveals that he
did inform jack about the sale
but jack was too inebriated to notice
while on tour
ally meets res a record producer who
offers her a contract
although visibly bothered jack still
supports her decision
rez refocuses ali away from country
music and towards pop
jack misses one of ali's performances
after he passes out drunk in public
he recovers at the home of his best
friend george noodle stone
and later makes up with ally there he
proposes to ally with an impromptu ring
made up from a loop of a guitar string
and they are married that same day at a
church ministered by a relative of
noodles
during ali's performance on saturday
night live bobby reconciles with jack
and later ali and an inebriated jack
have a fight about ali's growing
artistic success
jack drunkedly criticizes ally's new
image and her music
her success appears to be outpacing his
own recent decline in popularity
by comparison ali is nominated for three
grammy awards
at the grammys a visibly intoxicated
jack performs in a tribute to roy
orbison
and later in the evening allie wins the
best new artist award
when she goes up on stage to receive her
award a still-inebriated jack staggers
up to her
where he publicly wets himself and
passes out
allie's father lorenzo berates a
semi-conscious jack
while ali attempts to help jack sober up
jack joins a rehabilitation program
shortly thereafter jack recovers in
rehab for about two months
where he discloses to his counselor that
he attempted suicide when he was 13
years old
he also mentions that he has hearing
problems due to tinnitus which has been
getting worse
jack tearfully apologizes to ali for his
behavior ally asked
rez to bring jack to perform with her on
the european tour
and rez refuses prompting ally to cancel
the remainder of the tour so she can
care for jack
while returning home jack admits to
bobby that it was him he idolized and
not their father
later res arrives at their home to await
for ally
while waiting res confronts jack and
accuses him of nearly ruining aly's
career
and stating that jack will certainly
relapse again
that evening ally lies to jack and tells
him that her record label has canceled
her tour so she can focus on her second
album
jack promises that he will come to her
concert that night
but after ally leaves he hangs himself
in their garage
ally grief stricken and inconsolable
after jack's suicide
is visited by bobby who tells her that
the suicide was jack's own fault
and not hers the closing scenes reveal a
flashback of jack working on a song
about his love for ally
which he never finished writing ally
sings this song as a tribute to jack
introducing herself for the first time
as ali maine
the film ends with a close-up of ali
looking up at the heavens